Add gotify to docs (#2)
TheoBrigitte/kimsufi-notifier: README.md

Notification(s) can be sent whenever a server is available. Either one or multiple notification services can be used.

Supported notification services:
- [Gotify](https://gotify.net/)
- [OpsGenie](https://www.atlassian.com/software/opsgenie) via [Alerts API](https://docs.opsgenie.com/docs/alert-api)
- [Telegram](https://telegram.org/) via [Bots API#sendMessage](https://core.telegram.org/bots/api#sendmessage)

> It is recommended to set those values in the config file, see [config.env.example](config.env.example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use a notification service, it is recommended to set its environment variables in the config file, see [config.env.example](config.env.example).
```

### Gotify

In order to recieve notifications for Gotify, the appropriate environment variables must be set:

- `GOTIFY_URL`: URL to use for Gotify notification service
- `GOTIFY_TOKEN`: token to use for Gotify notification service

> - `GOTIFY_PRIORITY`: prority for Gotify notification service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `GOTIFY_PRIORITY`: prority for Gotify notification service

See [Gotify Push messages](https://gotify.net/docs/pushmsg) documentation for more information.
```
